The red hat was on top of the brown coat rack.
The blue water bottle was on top of the red backpack.
The fluffy cat is on the left of the soft pillow.
The soft pillow was on top of the hard rocking chair.
The green plant was on the right of the white wall.
The blue bowl was on top of the white placemat.
The black chair is on top of the blue rug.
The black chair was on the left of the white table.
The square book was next to the green notebook.
The red book was on top of the yellow bookshelf.
The rough brick was on top of the smooth tile.
The red apple was on top of the black plate.
The striped rug was on top of the tiled floor.
The striped rug was on top of the wooden floor.
The red umbrella was on top of the white coat rack.
The silver laptop was on top of the black desk.
The black headphones were next to the green phone.
The red mug was on top of the green coaster.
The square box was next to the circular canister.
The brown boots were on top of the wooden shoe rack.
The green plant was on the left of the yellow lamp.
The green plant is on top of the silver nightstand.
The soft towel was on top of the hard counter.
The white book was on top of the blue shelf.
The white mug is on top of the black coaster.
The black suitcase was next to the brown briefcase.
The round clock was on the right of the wooden picture frame.
The round clock was on the left of the rectangular picture frame.
The black pencil was next to the green notebook.
The rectangular book was on top of the black shelf.
The red apple was next to the oval plate.
The black camera was next to the white tripod.
The white shirt was on top of the blue pants.
The green plant was on top of the wooden shelf.
The black chair was next to the silver table.
The green plant was on the left of the white lamp.
The green plant was next to the white vase.
The yellow pencil was next to the blue pen.
The oval plate was on top of the square placemat.
The white shirt was on top of the black pants.
The striped rug was next to the beige armchair.
The red apple was next to the yellow pear.
The square coaster was next to the circular glass.
The hardcover book was next to the brown notebook.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard couch.
The green plant was on the right of the white window.
The blue book was on top of the red bookshelf.
The striped rug was next to the brown couch.
The square book was on top of the blue table.
The black sofa was on the left of the white coffee table.
The striped rug was on top of the brown carpet.
The striped rug was next to the wooden bench.
The blue mug is on top of the green coaster.
The red hat was on top of the brown coat.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard armchair.
The fluffy pillow was on top of the hard chair.
The soft pillow was on top of the wooden chair.
The round clock is next to the white picture frame.
