The green plant was on top of the white nightstand.
The white towel was on the side of the blue bathtub.
The black mug was on top of the white coaster.
The square tissue box is on top of the circular tray.
The striped rug was on the left of the black armchair.
The black keyboard was on top of the white desk.
The fluffy pillow was on top of the soft bed.
The green plant was next to the brown bookshelf.
The green chair is on the right of the wooden table.
The silver watch was on top of the white dresser.
The brown shoes were on top of the blue rug.
The square coaster was next to the circular glass of water.
The rectangular tray was on the right of the yellow candle.
The red hat was on top of the white coat.
The red apple is on the left of the yellow banana.
The wooden spoon was next to the white bowl.
The red apple was next to the green banana.
The square coaster was on top of the circular table.
The green plant is on the left of the gray vase.
The yellow lemon is on top of the green cutting board.
The round plate was on the left of the square bowl.
The red apple is on top of the green plate.
The striped rug was on top of the blue carpet.
The fluffy pillow was on top of the hard couch.
The soft pillow was on top of the hard metal chair.
The green plant was on the left of the brown dresser.
The blue pillow was on top of the rectangular bed.
The soft pillow was on top of the hard bed.
The round table is next to the white chair.
The soft pillow was on top of the hard wooden chair.
The red umbrella was on top of the black umbrella stand.
The oval plate was on the right of the round bowl.
The red vase was on top of the white shelf.
The striped rug is on top of the gray carpet.
The green plant was on top of the brown nightstand.
The red umbrella was on top of the black coat rack.
The round clock was on top of the wooden shelf.
The brown boots were next to the round hat.
The soft teddy bear was on top of the round pillow.
The yellow pencil was next to the white eraser.
The green plant was next to the white pot.
The green plant was on the right of the window.
The green plant is on top of the white bookshelf.
The rectangular remote was next to the black television.
The black pen was next to the white notebook.
The square coaster was next to the circular coaster holder.
The square coaster was next to the circular mug.
The red apple was on top of the white plate.
The hardcover book was on top of the brown nightstand.
The green plant was on top of the brown dresser.
The striped rug is next to the wooden bookshelf.
The square coaster was on top of the circular tablecloth.
The brown shoes were next to the black boots.
The rectangular plate was on top of the blue placemat.
The rectangular box was on top of the blue cabinet.
The white pillow was on top of the blue blanket.
The blue pencil was next to the white paper.
The black mouse was next to the green mouse pad.
The black chair is on the right of the wooden table.
The white lamp is on the left of the black nightstand.
The yellow banana was next to the long cucumber.
The wooden spoon was next to the green bowl.
The striped pillow is on top of the hard bench.
The black phone was next to the white charger.
The round clock was on top of the white nightstand.
The green plant was on top of the round table.
The white towel was next to the brown shower curtain.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard futon.
The green plant was on top of the white dresser.
The green plant was next to the blue vase.
The red apple was on top of the yellow bowl.
The striped rug is next to the wooden table.
The rectangular remote was next to the black television stand.
The rectangular mirror was next to the blue sink.
The green plant was on top of the wooden stand.
The rectangular remote was next to the white television.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard chair.
The black shoes were next to the brown boots.
The round clock was on top of the blue dresser.
The brown boots were next to the black sandals.
The brown shoes were next to the black loafers.
The yellow pencil was on top of the green desk.
The rectangular book was next to the blue notebook.
The black mouse was on the left of the red keyboard.
The green plant was on top of the black nightstand.
The green plant was next to the brown vase.
The silver laptop is on top of the wooden table.
The green plant was on top of the square bookshelf.
The black lamp was on top of the white nightstand.
The round clock was on top of the wooden nightstand.
The rectangular laptop was on top of the wooden desk.
The red tomato is on top of the green cutting board.
The brown shoes were next to the black sandals.
The white lamp was on top of the black nightstand.
The red vase was on top of the wooden shelf.
The black chair is on the right of the silver desk.
The black chair was next to the silver lamp.
The black chair was on the left of the brown table.
The wooden chair was on the right of the red door.
The red hat was on the left of the blue backpack.
The brown box was next to the yellow envelope.
The green plant was on top of the wooden bookshelf.
The wooden spoon was next to the green cutting board.
The smooth glass was on top of the rough wooden table.
The round clock was on top of the wooden dresser.
The red pencil was on top of the green notebook.
The white lamp was next to the round clock.
The black headphones were next to the green laptop.
The rectangular remote was on top of the black coffee table.
The blue plate was on top of the white tablecloth.
The rectangular book was on top of the white shelf.
The soft pillow is on top of the hard stool.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard floor.
The red apple is on top of the yellow plate.
The yellow pencil was on top of the white paper.
The purple plant was on top of the brown shelf.
The red vase was near the glass shelf.
The green plant was on top of the wooden dresser.
The black coffee mug was on top of the silver coaster.
The square painting was next to the round mirror.
The blue pillow was on top of the round bed.
The green plant is next to the brown bookcase.
The red backpack was on top of the green bed.
The soft pillow was on top of the hard sofa.
The soft blanket was on top of the hard ottoman.
The green plant was on the left of the wooden table.
The yellow pencil was on the left of the green notebook.
The red apple was next to the green pear.
The fluffy pillow was on the left of the striped blanket.
The rectangular book was next to the blue lamp.
