a triangular slice of bread and a rectangular bread basket
a pentagonal toolbox and a spherical toolset
a small key and a big door
an oval coffee table and a square end table
a round balloon and a rectangular party invitation
a spherical crystal and a pyramidal crystal holder
a cubic box of chocolates and a teardrop chocolate truffle
a pentagonal desk and a diamond desk organizer
a big mountain and a small tree
an oval table and a square placemat
a pentagonal chocolate box and a spherical chocolate truffle
a circular ceiling light and a triangular bookshelf.
a spherical bowling ball and a conical bowling pin
a big gorilla and a small monkey
a short book and a long bookmark
a small keychain and a big set of keys
a pyramidal gift box and a cubic gift wrap
a cubic Rubik's cube and a pentagonal game box
a big sunflower and a small daisy
a cubic Rubik's cube and a cylindrical pencil holder
a pentagonal handbag and a spherical keychain charm
a big truck and a small car
a long necklace and a short earring
an oval coffee table and a square ottoman
a rectangular phone and a teardrop phone charm
a small cup and a big saucer
a small pebble and a big rock
a cubic sugar cube and a cylindrical salt shaker
a small button and a big zipper
a spherical balloon and a rectangular banner
a big balloon and a small marble
a diamond wine glass and a cylindrical wine bottle
a round peach and a rectangular bar of soap
a triangular slice of bread and a cylindrical loaf
an oblong potato and a teardrop plum
an oval pizza and a round pizza cutter.
a triangular sign and a small sculpture
an big bathtub and a square showerhead
a small lion and a big horse
a round cinnamon roll and a round toaster pastry
The cylindrical water bottle with its square lid and conical base kept hikers hydrated on the triangular trail.
The rectangular mirror with its oval reflection and oblong frame hung in the round bathroom.
The teardrop earrings with their triangular studs and spherical pearls sparkled in the diamond jewelry box.
The cubic bookshelf with its cylindrical legs and rectangular shelves held books in the oblong study.
The triangular sail with its pentagonal stitching and oblong boom propelled the circular boat on the ocean.
The crescent sofa with its square cushions and oval back provided seating in the triangular living room.
The oblong vase with its diamond pattern and circular mouth displayed flowers in the conical corner of the room.
The pyramidal pyramid with its triangular base and rectangular entrance attracted tourists to the square desert.
The circular steering wheel with its triangular spokes and oblong rim controlled the conical car on the pentagonal road.
The conical ice cream cone with its spherical scoop and triangular cone held a tasty treat in the diamond park.
A long rectangular table and a small circular vase were placed in the center of the room.
The cylindrical tower and the spherical dome stood tall against the skyline.
The triangular wedge and the oblong brick were the only pieces left in the construction set.
The round knob and the square plate were attached to the door.
The teardrop pendant and the diamond-studded bracelet were her favorite pieces of jewelry.
The conical hat and the crescent moon were the only things visible in the night sky.
A row of cubic boxes and a pile of pyramidal stones were stacked neatly in the corner of the room.
The oval mirror and the rectangular frame were mounted on the wall.
The spherical ball and the pentagonal pyramid were the objects of focus in the geometry lesson.
The triangular sail and the square deck were the defining features of the sailboat.
The cylindrical barrel and the conical flask were the only containers left in the laboratory.
The oblong rug and the circular ottoman were arranged in the center of the living room.
The diamond window and the rectangular door were the only openings in the otherwise blank wall.
The spherical planet and the crescent moon were the celestial bodies that fascinated him the most.
The triangular slice and the round pizza were the only options on the menu.
The cubic dice and the cylindrical pencil were the tools of his favorite game.
The teardrop leaves and the oval petals made up the floral arrangement on the table.
The square room and the oblong hallway were the only spaces in the house.
The pyramidal roof and the triangular archway were the defining features of the ancient temple.
The circular wreath and the rectangular picture frame hung on the front door.
The conical hat and the spherical ball were the objects of attention in the magic show.
The crescent curve and the diamond pattern were the highlights of the carpet design.
The pentagonal prism and the triangular pyramid were the shapes that he struggled with the most in math class.
The cylindrical column and the square pedestal were the only pieces of furniture in the foyer.
The oblong table and the round chairs were arranged for the dinner party.
The spherical globe and the teardrop droplet were the symbols of science and nature.
The triangular roof and the diamond windows were the defining features of the modern architecture.
The cubic block and the cylindrical tube were the building blocks for his latest invention.
The rectangular screen and the oval speakers were the only electronic devices in the room.
The conical mountain and the crescent beach were the contrasting views from the hotel room.
The pentagonal star and the square checkerboard were the patterns on the quilt.
The pyramidal shape and the triangular lines were the inspiration for the art project.
The oblong painting and the circular sculpture were the centerpieces of the art exhibit.
The diamond ring and the teardrop necklace were the precious gifts from her beloved.
The cylindrical tower and the spherical fountain were the landmarks of the city.
The triangular flag and the rectangular banner were waving in the wind on the parade.
The cubic room and the conical lampshade were the unique features of the hotel suite.
The oval platter and the round bowl were used for serving dinner.
The pentagonal prism and the pyramidal tetrahedron were the shapes of the crystals in the museum exhibit.
A triangular plane and a circular hot air balloon floated in the sky.
A small kitten and a big dog sat side by side.
A long road and a short path led to the same destination.
The tall tree and the short shrub created a contrast in the garden.
The big book and the small notepad were both useful for different purposes.
The long dress and the short skirt were both fashionable choices.
The tall tower and the short building dominated the skyline.
The big elephant and the small mouse made an unlikely pair.
The long river and the short stream flowed through the picturesque valley.
The tall ladder and the short stool were both necessary for reaching high places.
The big house and the small cabin provided different types of accommodations.